---
title: "Venue | Jillian and Vianney's Wedding"
description: "Nestled in Neugartheim-Ittlenheim, lies the 200 year old dwelling La Ferme Marie Hélène"
---

::block-cover{path="venue/ferme-mh" alt="Ferme Marie Hélène from above" is-right}

# Ferme Marie-Hélène

11 rue de l'église • Neugartheim-Ittlenheim • France

::

::block-info{path="venue/ferme-marie-helene-entrance" alt="Ferme Marie-Hélène"}

## Location

Just 20 minutes west of Strasbourg, lies a region or soft rolling hills, dotted with small villages, bell towers, and farm fields with the backdrop of the Vosge mountains.

Nestled in Neugartheim-Ittlenheim, lies the 200 year old dwelling La Ferme Marie Hélène. It's traditional Alsacian charm mixed with it's modern homey touches is why we loved this venue. The half-timber house and gardens are to be adored. Relax in it's tranquility with a glass of local Alsace wine.

[View Map](https://goo.gl/maps/TAVeMhVtBJFygBRLA){:target="\_blank" :class="button"}
::

---

::block-info{path="venue/fluo-bus" alt="Fluo Bus"}

## Transportation

### By Bus

_(from Strasbourg downtown)_\
_**Note:** This bus route is limited as it requires to take a connection and the latest arrival time is 13:44 in Neugartheim-Ittlenheim._

- Go to **Gare Routière des Halles**, the bus station is behind the mall.
- Take **Bus 220** going to **Kienheim**
- Exit the bus in **Wiwersheim** at stop **Landsbourg** (second and last stop of the town).
- Transfer to **Bus 404** going to **Saverne**
- Exit the bus in **Neugartheim** at stop **Lavoir** (only stop of the town).
- 2 minute walk to la **rue d'église**, turn right and the venue will be on your left.

[Bus Website](https://www.fluo.eu/){:target="\_blank" :class="button"} [Bus map](https://www.fluo.eu/ftp/document/plan-a0-fluo-67-sept-2023-web.pdf){:target="\_blank" :class="button"}

::

::block-info{path="venue/uber-taxi" alt="Uber and Taxi"}

### By Uber

Strasbourg to venue - €40

---

### By Taxi

**Mondial Taxi**: _+33 (388) 221 111_\
**Taxi 13**: _+33 (388) 361 313_\
**Alsace Taxi**: _+33 (388) 221 919_\
**Strasbourg Taxi**: _+33 (388) 122 122_

::
