---
title: "Travel"
description: "Travel, things to do and how to get around"
---

# Travel, things to do and how to get around

## Flying

**Departure**:\
Direct Flights to Paris (CDG) or Strasbourg (SXB) available - approximately 7hrs. Alternatively, fly anywhere of your choice in Europe!\
_Flights to France usually leave in the evening and fly overnight_

**Return**:\
Direct flights to Canada usually leave in the morning and arrive midday - approx 8hrs

## Taking the train

From Paris (CDG), there's direct High speed trains available to Strasbourg (several per day).
Tickets are available 3 months before the travel date.\
_A Train Inspector will check for your ticket, possibly before and/or on the train. Have it available._\
[Train ticket website](https://www.sncf-connect.com/en-en/){:target="\_blank" :class="button"}

## Driving

Paris to Strasbourg - approx 5 hours (500km)
_The price of gas is much higher than in Canada._
A Canadian license is valid in France but there are a few driving differences. Please review France driving Laws before arriving.\
[Road sign differences](https://www.accudriver.io/compare/CA-FR){:target="\_blank" :class="button"}

<!-- One of the biggest changes you may come across is "Priority to the right" or "Priorité à droite". It is often in place around small villages and not in cities. You may see this sign upon entering a village. Look for the Red Triangle with an X and "Priorité à droite"
This means that you must yield at every intersection, no matter how small and let anyone coming from the right go before you. This procedure is meant to slow down traffic in the smaller villages, so please driving slowly, and be cautious. Some corners can be tricky. Look for helpful street mirrors to see down blind corners. 								 -->

## Safety

France is relatively safe but always show caution and protect your valuables. Pickpockets can be around, particularly in higher tourist areas.

## Dining Tips

Tipping is included in the bill. However, placing a euro or two on the table when you're done is always appreciated.\
If you want water at your table, you'll have to ask for tap water, or else they will bring you a bottle of water for a fee.\
 If you prefer a bottle, they will ask if you want flat or sparkling (gas). The service at a restaurant might seem a bit slow compared to North America. Its because they do not rush you to turn over the table. They want you to enjoy your leisure time.\
Many resturants close between lunch and dinner. When scheduling your day, take this into consideration. Also, dinner begins much later than in Canada, think 7pm or later.
With a quick search online, you'll find many websites with useful advice for France.\
[More tips](https://www.lelongweekend.com/things-to-know-before-travelling-to-france/){:target="\_blank" :class="button"}

## Strabourg

Strasbourg is in the Great-East or Bas-rhine region, right on the border to Germany. With a population of about 270,000 it is a great size to have many activies and attractions while being small and easy to navigate. Its pedestrian only core is lovely to walk and explore and it is surrounded by rivers. It is filled with wonderful medieval history and modern motifs.

**Travel Around Strasboug:**

### Walk

You can cover a lot of Strasbourg in about 20-40minutes. It's not very big and walking is a great way to pop in and out of stores and restaurants.

### Tram

You can pick up a reloadable tram card at the train station. Then when you are at tram stop, simply touch your TramPass to the red pillar and away you go. No need to tap off.

[Strasbourg public transport](https://www.cts-strasbourg.eu/en/){:target="\_blank" :class="button"}

### Bike

You can easily rent a Velhop for the time you need and follow the many bike trails around the city.
[Velhop website](https://velhop.strasbourg.eu/en/?lang=en){:target="\_blank" :class="button"}

One more useful tip: If you haven't checked in or you've checked out of your acccomdations in Strasbourg but you would like to go do something, you can store your luggage at the train station for a small cash fee.

## Paris

Paris is definitley on many people's "must see" cities. It is truly romantic, charming and filled with attractions. We won't go into too many details, and there are countless websites, blogs, videos to help you plan your trip.\
[Tips for Paris](https://fullsuitcase.com/tips-visit-paris-first-time/){:target="\_blank" :class="button"}

**But here is a few tips and suggestions from us:**

- Walking around Paris is easy, but to get to different neighbourhoods, consider taking the metro. Paris has old school tickets that are needed to enter and exit the metro stations.
- The airport is surprisingly far (approx. 1 hr by public transport) away from the city centre. Schedule your route accordingly.
- Museum or Paris City pass is hugely beneficial to see many attractions and beat some lines.
- Bag checks are very common at high tourist attractions.
- If you're able, climb the eiffel tower instead of the elevator. You only have to climb 2/3 as the top 3rd is only by elevator. It's cheaper and the line is always shorter. Plus you get to see the city views more and admire the structure itself!
- **Jill's Top Recommendation - Musee d'Orsay**
- **Vianney Top Recommendation - Notre-Dame and Montmarte**
